h1. Airbrake To Pushover Integration/API

h2. About

After switching from Errbit (OSS version of Airbrake) to a paid Airbrake plan,
I noticed integration with Pushover was not available (as it is with Errbit).
So, I wrote up this little app using Rails::API to push those requests to me.

This application uses:

* Ruby 2.0.0
* Rails 4.0.0

h2. Configuration and Deployment

h3. Rails and Local

The only local application configuration you may wish to do is setting the time
zone in @application.rb@, or adjusting the Pushover linking configuration.

When you receive a push from Pushover, it will include a URL which, by default,
will take you to a page on the app displaying all the details Airbrake sends via
their webhook.  If you wish to point this somewhere else, change the url option
in @WebhookController@, or, if you want to disable this altogether, remove that
option in @WebhookController@ and the corresponding show route in @routes.rb@.

You could, optionally, set up a different secret token in
@config/initializers/secret_token.rb@, but since there is no user access, this
is unnecessary.

h3. Heroku

This application is designed for deployment on Heroku.  Some additional steps
may need to be taken if you wish to deploy this on another architecture.
You will only need the basic Heroku Postgres add-on.  The free version is
more than enough.

When deploying, you will probably notice an error regarding asset compilation.
This is normal.  There are no assets to compile.

After deploying, be sure to run @heroku run rake db:migrate@.

You will also need to configure the following environment variables on Heroku:

* @PUSHOVER_API_TOKEN@ - the API token that Pushover gives you
* @PUSHOVER_USER_TOKEN@ - the User token that Pushover gives you

Once all this is set up, you can test out that everything works by running the
following in your terminal:

@curl -X POST -H 'content-type: application/json' -d @sample.json http://your-heroku-url/send-to-pushover@

(where @your-heroku-url@ is the URL of your Heroku app, usually something like
app-name.herokuapp.com)

h3. Airbrake

Finally, to connect everything in to Airbrake, go to whatever project you wish to
add this feature to, and go to Project Settings.  Click integrations.  Then,
under Webhook Integration, add the following URL:

@http://your-heroku-url/send-to-heroku@

(where, again, @your-heroku-url@ is the URL of your Heroku app, usually something
like app-name.herokuapp.com)

Make sure "active" is checked, and hit save.  Send a test exception from Airbrake,
and if everything goes well, you should receive a notification within a minute
or two from Airbrake!

h2. Development and Conventions

If you wish to submit a Pull Request, please use the following conventions:

* Use two spaces for indentation, no tabs
* Please remove trailing whitespace.  Empty lines at end of file are files are ok.
* Prefer use of 1.9 hash syntax ({ a: "b" } instead of { :a => "b" })
* Use a = b instead of a=b
* Use HEREDOC syntax for extra long strings
* Do not use I18n, simply for performance reasons (one less file to load)
* Use of && and || is preferred over and/or, but not discouraged
* Use @self.method# when adding a single class method, @class << self@ otherwise

These are all soft requirements.

h2. Contribution

If you wish to contribute a feature, add tests, fix something that's broken,
etc., please fork this app, make your changes on a new branch, and submit a
pull request.

Finally, remember to use common sense when submitting a new feature.  If it's
not a feature that would be used by anyone except you, include that in your
PR, and I'll add a link to your repo in this readme.

h2. Author and Licensing

Written in completion by Doug Clark (Github: dougc84).  Distributed under
GPLv3 license.  It is requested that, if this application is distributed,
this paragraph is kept intact, but may be appended to.
